# **iamz fc a, & werked**

The whirl of conveyors and the ambiance of a prison are constants here. Our community of redistributors doesn't deserve this. They exchange parts of their lives for one of the world’s largest corporations. Inside one of their facilities is a landscape filled with waterfalls of boxes, rivers of boxes, and fields of boxes. They have containers too, and microplastics surround us, seeping into every part of our being. This place feels so unnatural that it seems incapable of supporting life. Indeed, it's designed for machines, and then humans, with limited restrooms. Outside, hills are nearby, a river runs close by, and in the distance, there are trees. But at your feet, there’s only asphalt for parking 900 or so cars. In another direction, a house overlooks the factory from afar. I only noticed it today; it seems to oversee everything, and you might imagine a CEO vacationing at their third home. Now, imagine me as a seasonal temporary staffing `variable`. That’s a real description; I didn’t make it up. Now, imagine waking up early for a shift that, in winter, could prevent you from seeing daylight for several days.

Sounds terrible, right?
<audio controls controlslist="play timeline volume nofullscreen nodownload noremoteplayback" src="https://pixelating.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/factory.mp3"></audio>

The humming of the machines drowns out our voices. We have two options to protect our ears: over-ear or in-ear protection, which is supposed to keep us safe. While the sounds can be managed, the dangers posed by cardboard boxes, plastic containers, tools, and the machines that move them are not so easily avoided. Safety is further compromised by ever-changing leadership, shifting tactics, fluctuating co-workers, ongoing construction, and quota changes that make each day unpredictable. If the noise does not hinder communication, the two-tier system—those using Slack or reaching out to leadership in a digital public forum versus those who don’t. Division created. The system of white or blue badges, with whites being the variables, makes it unclear or unlikely that you will receive a blue badge. By design, most people shouldn't get it. This should break your mind if you haven’t already broken your body to get to this point.

It’s hard to improve from one day to the next in this role, as nobody refers to me by my name; instead, I am identified by my unique `ID`. This `ID`, along with my picture, has been added to a board where I am randomly assigned to different parts of the factory. Previously, we were stationed in one spot, performing the same tasks with the same people, and agreements between us were honored each day. However, the group collectively lost management's trust and was collectively punished. This form of punishment is presented as fair and should be expected. We are expected to continue handling each box with care and meeting our collective goal of moving boxes—a goal set by leadership early in the morning. We revisit this goal after lunch and after inadequate stretching. The stretching is supposed to help with the lack of sitting. The break rooms are only for breaks and will not give you a break. Speaking of breaks, it’s two 15-minute breaks, including walking. That’s 20 minutes; they took 10. The work is dangerous, and you have to be on point, but points are only deducted from you if you falter—expect to falter. It seems you can only improve if you become less human. Maybe that’s why they need more humans to break.

But this is work. Work that involves constant surveillance, and I have volunteered to take on the additional labor of being a surveillant. Maybe, I hope, we can later convey something different through sound and sight to show empathy—a creation of art, because most people aren’t feeling it yet. They don’t ship art in the FC, but maybe, just maybe, we can redistribute it.
